                                            Netaji Subhash Engineering College
                                                   B.Tech CSE 2nd Year
                                            Design & Analysis of Algorithm Lab
                                                  Paper Code – PCC-CS 494
            
Q1.Write a C program to implement Linear Search. 			                                

Q2.Write a C program to implement Binary Search using Divide and Conquer approach.          

Q3.Write a C program to implement Merge Sort using Divide and Conquer approach.               

Q4.Write a C program to implement Quick Sort using Divide and Conquer approach.               

Q5.Write a C program to find Maximum and Minimum element from an array of integer using Divide and Conquer  approach.								                          
 
Q6.Write a C program to implement  Fractional Knapsack Problem.				                           
							           
Q7.Write a C program to implement Job sequencing with deadlines.			                    

Q8.Write a C program to find the minimum number of scalar multiplication needed for chain of matrix.   

Q9.Write a C program to implement Single Source shortest Path for a graph using Dijkstra Algorithm. 
                                                                                                        
Q10.Write a C program to implement Single Source Shortest Path for a graph using Bellman Ford Algorithm.
                                                                                                                                                            
Q11.Write a C program to implement all pair of Shortest path for a graph using Floyed- Warshall Algorithm.  

Q12.Write a C program to implement the 0-1 Knapsack Problem.	                                   
    
Q13.Write a C program to implement N-Queen Problem.              

Q14.Write a C program to implement Breadth First Search (BFS).   		                             

Q15. Write a C program to implement Depth First Search (DFS).                                       

Q16.Write a C program to implement Graph Coloring Problem.                                            
			
Q17. Write a C program to implement Tic-Tac-Toe Problem. 				                             
      
